// Tell me about yourself for software developers
I am Yurii Soroka.I am a system administrator at Ukrpol printing company.
I am currently trying to become a Full stack developer.
I know CSS, JavaScript, HTML, Python.
I did one successful team project. The project was a website for an ice cream cafe.
I want to work for your company because I see that your company is consistently listed as one of the top places to work.
I'm excited to begin a career as a frontend developer and learn more about this line of work from industry professionals.

// What do you do to improve your English?
To improve my English I use Duolingo app for 15 minutes every day.
I'm also trying to learn new words every day.
On Sundays i study with a personal tutor.
I also often read technical literature at work.

// How do you keep a work-life balance?
To keep a work - life balance I'm trying to work in an office and only do household chores at home.
Often my relaxation methods come down to sleep and walks with my children.
Often i can't work from home because my big family tries to distract me from work.

// How can you improve your job skills?
To improve my job skills i attend specialized courses, currently this is a GoIT course for FullStack developers.
I also watch technical YouTube channels, I read technical articles while commuting to work.
To improve my English i study with a personal tutor on Sundays.

// What is unacceptable for you at work? Why?
In my opinion, dishonesty is unacceptable at work because it's very difficult to work with people who you don't trust.
I think that laziness is unacceptable at work because laziness is contagious and it affects the performance of work.
To my mind being rude to colleagues is unacceptable at work because rude people are demotivating.
I think that gossip is unacceptable at work because it creates an unhealthy work environment.

// What should you do if you don’t know how to handle a challenge?
If i don't know how to handle a challenge, i should try to find a solution in resources which can help me.
If i can't find a solution on my own i should ask my manager or more experienced colleagues for advice.